for me. It, um, being a stepped out just came really, really easily. When
I started living with my wife, she was actually pregnant, and she
broke up with her boyfriend. So I was there when, um when her her
daughter was born and that daughter, like, really grew on me. That's
one of the reasons that we got married in the first place. Um, having
the kid, you know, changing diapers and putting around my arm going
to Seaworld with them. You know, you you really get thio to feel
that even though you didn't conceive the child that, like, there's someone
out there in the world who needs me, who wants me, who says that
they love you. Um, and as long as like, you don't get too hung up
on the biological aspect of it. Um, you really you really, really
grow on you